[Music]
do you want but tiny peas and cheese wow
the first thing I remember is Lucas so
you both seem to really like you that's
a sign her home supposed to be with me I
think I'm gonna call her Bella we played
ball and we played dough to shoes don't
you shoes that one was his favorite it's
just snow I had a great family and a
place to call home I was lost
stuck looks like she needs help
and a long way from home Sherman Sophie
Sadie Bella
[Music]
the world was far bigger and more
uncertain than I could ever imagine
that dog saved his life
[Music]
Hey
I discovered that every challenge I met
every fear I faced brought me one step
closer to the place where I belong
[Music]
you